Let alone a thousand households
Even if it is Wanhulai
You have to bow obediently in front of me
Lu Wushuang
How dare you, a little traitor, speak so big
Don't think you brought these people with you
You can turn the sky
I'll tell you what.
I am the boss of this village
The unparalleled army of the entire Great Xia Kingdom is the sky
My brother is a thousand households
Once back
You all died without a burial place
OK, then I'll give you this chance.
Let your good brother come back
I'd like to see how he holds your back
Blue Dragon
Remove our own people, don't expose your identity, hum
Brother, come back quickly.
Find a Pan thief
Not only is there no master and no two armies
And kill me